README.md, before:

# WTWR - What to wear?

## What is it?

This is a simple project designed to take the user's location and display the temperature, weather condition and clothing suggestions for going outside.

## Technology used?

This project is the first of many that will use React. A blend of HTML, CSS, JS, including native and remote API calls. This particular API used in the project is OpenWeather API. This API returns quite a lot of information but this project only used the current temperature and weather condition based on what the user's location is.

## Latest Update

The latest update added a delete button to the preview on clothing items.
NOTE: github pages link site will work but the user will not be able to add/delete clothing cards as the json server is not set up nor will be until the project migrates to Google Cloud :ok_hand:

## Links

Can be experienced here: https://cstras.github.io/se_project_react/

Project Figma: https://www.figma.com/design/F03bTb81Pw8IDPj5Y9rc5i/Sprint-10-%7C-WTWR?node-id=311-433&node-type=canvas&t=GC87oDIcKYSq6R90-0

Commit message:

chore: add explaination on site not working

README.md, after:

# WTWR - What to wear?

## What is it?

This is a simple project designed to take the user's location and display the temperature, weather condition and clothing suggestions for going outside.

## Technology used?

This project is the first of many that will use React. A blend of HTML, CSS, JS, including native and remote API calls. This particular API used in the project is OpenWeather API. This API returns quite a lot of information but this project only used the current temperature and weather condition based on what the user's location is.

## Latest Update

The latest update added a delete button to the preview on clothing items.
NOTE: github pages link site will work but the user will not be able to add/delete clothing cards as the json server is not set up nor will be until the project migrates to Google Cloud :ok_hand:

## Links

Can be experienced here: https://cstras.github.io/se_project_react/
NOTE- site does not work due to json server only working locally 

Project Figma: https://www.figma.com/design/F03bTb81Pw8IDPj5Y9rc5i/Sprint-10-%7C-WTWR?node-id=311-433&node-type=canvas&t=GC87oDIcKYSq6R90-0
